updated the README file (#2478)
Emurgo/yoroi-mobile: apps/wallet-mobile/README.md

Reviewer: maybe breakdown the installation in `common steps`, and `plataform x, y` ?

Author: It is the old README. I don't want to remove it till the new instruction is ready.

Author: But it is already split...

Author: Or do you mean move it to a different files?

| [<img src="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1164525925242986497/N5_DCXYQ_400x400.jpg" width="48">](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.emurgo) | [<img src="https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1283958620359516160/p7zz5dxZ_400x400.jpg" width="48">](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/emurgos-yoroi-cardano-wallet/id1447326389) |

Looking for the Yoroi Extension? See [here](https://github.com/Emurgo/yoroi-frontend)

# Description

There is description how to build the mobile application from the code of the repo.

Here you can find instruction how build the application on MacOS. The instruction how to build android version of the app will be presented later.

## MacOS

The instruction is made for the macOS Ventura 13.3.1

To build the application on MacOS it is necessary to make some preparation.

### Preparation

- First of all it is necessary to install [`brew`](https://brew.sh/). It will help a lot further.
- Install Xcode
- Install the stable version of Xcode command line tools through the web site or run the command `xcode-select --install`

> - Install `nvm` to that run the command `brew install nvm`. The node version `v16.8.0` is reqired.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Install `nvm` to that run the command `brew install nvm`. The node version `v16.19.0` is required.
```

Reviewer: dunno about the min - version for `nvm`
